c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\LibraryService.dll.config
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\LibraryService.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\LibraryService.pdb
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Library.Domain.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Library.Domain.pdb
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\obj\Debug\LibraryService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\obj\Debug\LibraryService.dll
c:\users\123\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication33\LibraryService\obj\Debug\LibraryService.pdb
